climate change is that real
presumably the EPA's ready to do
something about it I went
straight to Gina McCarthy the
administrative EPA to find out
what are they doing about
climate change let's check it
out
moving forward to develop a
standard that will lower carbon
pollution that's fueling climate
change from power sector that
companies that generate
electricity
it's extremely important for us
to tackle it because they are
the largest source of carbon
pollution were you can't really
we're doing it by developing a
rule we put out a proposal is
called out clean power plan and
basically it's an effort for the
federal government to look at
the signs for EPA look at the
Science and to say what kind of
standards we can achieve over
long-term to send a signal to
the energy world that we need to
meet shifting towards a
low-carbon future but every
state's going to translate that
into their very own plan based
on where they are today and that
plan is going to be done in a
way that meets their energy
needs
doesn't threaten reliability
doesn't change the affordability
of of energy for all of us
no lights are gonna be shut out
but we're gonna have actually
head towards a low-carbon future
in jobs of the future as well is
that possible
was added yeah there are no it's
totally possible and it's
happening a lot of the challenge
with climate is that the costs
come in the future and we have
this bad habit of discounting
future costs they they call it a
discount rate that you apply to
the future and again despite
this is a scientist is that like
people who smoke there like
that's what I don't care love it
that's right the real-time
benefit whatever that might be
outweighs the future future do
that someone is doing this about